University staff are walking out on the first of three days of strikes over pay, working conditions and pensions.

Lectures could be called off at 150 affected universities.

The National Union of Students is supporting the strikes, but some students are concerned about missing classes.

The Universities and Colleges Employers Association (UCEA) said the impact of the strikes on students had been "low and isolated".

Universities say they are putting measures in place to mitigate the impact on students' learning.

The University and College Union (UCU) says more than 70,000 staff will be taking part in the strikes, which also take place on Friday and next Wednesday.

It is unclear how much teaching will be called off, as union members do not have to say whether they will be striking.

Master's-degree student Amin Isat, 23, has joined the picket line at the University of Manchester to "show solidarity" with his lecturers.
Ms Early said the strikes bring back a feeling of being "on your own", which she experienced when in-person teaching stopped during Covid.

"I understand why they are striking," she said. "But I just feel that maybe lecturers should reach out to students, and emphasise and reassure us that they do want to be there for us. Because I'm just not get getting that from them."

The University of Sussex said it was "very concerned" about its students, and that measures to "minimise the impact of the strike" included rescheduled teaching and extra materials.

University of Sheffield UCU branch president Dr Robyn Orfitelli, 38, who teaches linguistics, dreamed of being an academic since she was eight but is frustrated by changes in recent years

"More and more every single year, it feels like we are having to just fight to even be allowed to do our jobs - and people are breaking," she said.

"More and more every single year, it feels like we are having to just fight to even be allowed to do our jobs - and people are breaking," she said.
"More and more every single year, it feels like
Occurences du texte à analyser : a 116
Occurences du texte à analyser : b 27
Occurences du texte à analyser : c 48
Occurences du texte à analyser : d 67
Occurences du texte à analyser : e 219
Tableau d'occurences : 116,27,48,67,219